that I am muscular
yes
I'm going
[Laughs]
since he governs until
eliminate here they may be boiling
as soft
[Music]
let's inject them quickly
remember that there are still critics
that you have to prepare them completely with
the undoubted water
also when we are going to inject a
oily substance as a vitamin goes
slower
plus
from not being relaxed
you calm
we already take out liquid and the needle goes in
vertical
d
exactly
the prophecy that good biologist chose me
[Music]
ah
the truth
[Music]
Y
[Applause]
[Music]
obviously if you already know how they were
the order
[Music]
now happy
and the water from the source
Glove
d
each of the fingers must be washed
as well
to eat
the bathroom and the girls before going to the bathroom
as well
and we have no where to jump we are missing
a place where they dried
ah
to which
do not
where they inject tuna and cannabis
Yes Yes
two
and they need humans
It is very comfortable
this drug in my days
Clear
where environment
[Music]
no longer
it's late
d
these doors the purple arm raisin
now
[Music]
ah
and the weather
in 2008
[Music]
but the fact
shaking to an error of the syringe
efe
d
[Music]
the arm is released for cotton
Y